Now, the first thing I want to do in
the midterm product is to set up the loading procedure for the images,
which is currently not optimal.
The student version of a code,
we simply push all images into a vector instead of foreloop and with every new image,
the data structure grows.
Now, imagine you want to process now 10 images,
but let's say 5,000 images,
and also light upon clouds overnight,
and the current implementation of a code,
this would push the memory of your computer to its limits
and eventually slow down the entire program.
So in order to prevent this,
we only want to hold a certain number of images in
memory so that when a new one arrives on one end,
the oldest one on the other end is deleted from
the vector and the new one is added to the front.
This concept is called a ring buffer and it will be
your first task to implement this in the code.
Let's take a look. So here we are again in the midterm project cameras student main file.
If you move a little bit downwards to this section here,
you will find the first student assignment.
Now, we have three lines currently where we instantiate a data frame
variable which you will find
defined in data structures today, you should look it up there.
This has one element which is called camera IMG,
and this simply takes the grayscale image which we just loaded from file.
In this line here, line 66,
the entire data frame is simply pushed into an STL lecture.
Now imagine, you have a very large image sequence consisting of let's say 5,000,
10,000 images and you would push all this data into the vector which would grow.
Some hours after or some hours into the processing,
you would come back to your computer to collect
the results and you would find it totally slow down,
which basically is the result of too high memory load.
In order to lower the memory load,
we have to find a more optimal data structure and a more optimal way of treating data.
The way to do this is to use a ring buffers.
So instead of simply adding all the frames
to the end of the queue and increasing the size of the queue,
we want to rotate the elements in a way that every new element is added to the end of
the data buffer and all the other elements are shifted to
the left and the last element which we do not want to consider anymore.
The last element is also defined by a let's move upwards
to line 40 by the size indicated here.
Data buffer size currently two,
it might be three for the constant acceleration motion model.
Now, we are using constant velocity and that
requires us to only have two images at one time.
But increasing this would mean also increasing the size of the entire data buffer.
The oldest element in the buffer is simply shifted out while
the youngest element is pushed into the buffer on the right-hand side.
So this rotational operation is what you are supposed to implement here at this position.